{"Potato": {"water": "requires even moisture throughout its growing stages, which is particularly important during its early tuber and vine growth stages. When the soil becomes dry, give the plants about 1 to 2 inches of water. Once the vines and foliage start to die back, watering is no longer required.", "fertilization": "will do well with the addition of low-nitrogen fertilizer. It responds well to both natural mulches and commercial fertilizers, just do not apply it in direct contact with the seeds. Typically, fertilizer is applied right after planting and halfway through the growing season, when plants are around 10 to 15 cm tall.", "soil": "Acidic, Neutral, Alkaline", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "hardinessZones": "to 10", "plantingTime": " Spring "}, "Tomato": {"water": "tomato should be watered very often in the active growing season during the late spring and summer months. Depending on how much sunlight and heat they receive, it is advisible to water these plants at most daily or at least twice weekly. The soil should be kept consistently moist without becoming wet or soggy.", "fertilization": "tomato should be fertilized regularly during the active growth season in the summer. There are many commercially available fertilizers formulated especially for tomato plants, and these may be applied every two weeks to monthly during the summer. A fertilizer that is low in nitrogen content and higher in phosphorous is ideal.", "soil": "Loam, Clay, Acidic, Neutral", "sunlight": " Full sun ", "hardinessZones": "     2 to 10    ", "plantingTime": " Spring, Winter "}, "Cucumber": {"water": "cucumber requires consistent watering - ideally, it should be given at least 2.5 cm of water per week, and usually more during the summer when temperatures are high and soil dries out faster. Though you should take care not to waterlog it, the soil around the cucumber should be kept from drying out. In spring and fall, when growth is slower, you can taper your watering slightly.", "fertilization": "encourage flower and fruit growth, cucumber should be given a fertilizer that's low in nitrogen (which encourages stem and leaf growth) but high in phosphorus and potassium; a 3-6-4 or 5-10-10 mix usually works fine. Fertilizer, either powder or liquid, can be applied often \u2013 give some during planting, after flowering, and then every three weeks while the plants are fruiting.", "soil": "Sand, Clay, Acidic", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "hardinessZones": "to 11", "plantingTime": " Spring "}, "Coriander": {"water": "prefers damp, moist soil. However, it will suffer if overwatered. Dry soil will result in the plants bolting, so care must be taken to maintain the moisture balance. Seedlings will require a little more water each week, approximately 2.5cm.", "fertilization": "does not need to be fed frequently. A small diluted application of balanced liquid fertilizer or nitrogen rich fertilizer is all that is required once or twice during the growing season.", "soil": "Sand, Chalky, Clay, Sandy loam, Acidic", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "hardinessZones": "to 11", "plantingTime": " Spring, Fall, Winter "}, "Pumpkin": {"water": "pumpkin is a thirsty plant that will require at least one inch of water per week, often more as they are fruiting. The leaves of these plants are sensitive to rot and disease, so you should try to keep them dry even while watering - spread your water in a circle around the base of the plant instead.", "fertilization": "pumpkin does well in rich soil and usually responds best to multiple fertilizer feedings per year. When the plant is first growing, you can use a nitrogen-heavy mix (e.g., 10-5-5) to encourage vigorous leaf and stem growth. Once flowering and fuiting occurs, however, you'll want to switch over to a potassium- and phosphorus-heavy mix (e.g., 10-20-20) to encourage a large, healthy crop. Liquid, granulated, or powder fertilizers are all fine, so long as they're not applied directly to the plant (which can cause nitrogen burns).", "soil": "Clay, Sand, Chalky, Neutral", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "hardinessZones": "to 11", "plantingTime": " Late winter "}, "Maize": {"water": "great way to keep the soil around Maize moist is to apply a layer of mulch just after planting. Then water the plants regularly using a drip method at the base of the plant to get to the roots. Around 1 inch or 1.5 inch of water per week is a good benchmark but the best system is to water the plant as soon as the top layer of soil dries out.", "fertilization": "likes slightly acidic soil, so it is a good idea to test your soil pH to establish what chemicals to apply to achieve the correct balance. After this, all that is needed is to add a balanced slow-release N-P-K fertilizer (a ratio of 10-10-10 is ideal) before seeding. Fertilize again when the plant is 30 cm tall, but make sure the fertilizer doesn't touch the plant.", "soil": "Clay, Acidic, Neutral, Slightly alkaline, Moderately alkaline", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "hardinessZones": "to 11", "plantingTime": " Early spring "}, "Eggplant": {"water": "key to keeping Eggplant happy is to ensure the soil is consistently moist. Water the plant regularly, but not excessively, especially when it is young since this allows it to form a long and healthy root system. Water the soil, not the plant, and keep it moist with a layer of mulch.", "fertilization": "the soil around an eggplant is a great way to introduce nutrients. The best time to do this is a week or two after planting. The plant can also benefit from the addition of an all-purpose granular fertilizer.", "soil": "Loam, Neutral", "sunlight": "sun, Partial sun", "plantingTime": " Early spring "}}